[TED]한스 로슬링- 이제껏 보지 못했던 최고의 통계 : 공공데이터의 중요성
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVwB_of8ZYs


2015 인구주택총조사 스페셜 콘서트한스로슬링
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyrnxef73K4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbaqmQqKhmk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ty38M9-2Mg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLxgFxlA2cs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-Qqfwa0Lw4

세상에 관해 무지하지 않는 법 Hans Rosling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSwI-wUMdg0

The human insights missing from big data | Tricia Wang
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk35J2u8KqY

The era of blind faith in big data must end | Cathy O'Neil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2u_eHHzRto

Mosquitos, malaria and education | Bill Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsgvhP07BC8

[TED] 수잔 이틀린저 : 빅 데이터들로 우리가 할 일은 무엇일까요?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyEr3gLHZFs
3:28~4:28 - 금연광고가 미친영향
5:05 - 평가와 분석의 척도 문제
9:25


[TED]  How to learn any language in six months - Chris Lonsdale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0yGdNEWdn0 ,  5:35, 8:40

[TED]  How to find and do work you love - Scott Dinsmore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpe-LKn-4gM
7:20

매일 사막에 나무를 심은 남자. 37년 뒤, 세상이 뒤집어지다.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmgeWM7ySFY

나무 150억 그루 심어, 지구의 축을 바꾼 9살 꼬마
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eO0xRqvD0po


The surprising habits of original thinkers | Adam Grant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxbCHn6gE3U

Are you a giver or a taker? | Adam Grant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyXRYgjQXX0

A simple way to break a bad habit | Judson Brewer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-moW9jvvMr4

Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality | Brian Little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYvXk_bqlBk

Strange answers to the psychopath test | Jon Ronson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYemnKEKx0c

How to speak so that people want to listen | Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI


The era of blind faith in big data must end | Cathy O'Neil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2u_eHHzRto

[메가HRD_HR ON 시즌 3_2회] 3.빅데이터를 활용한 글로벌 기업의 HR 성과 사례와 시사점_LG경제연구원 원지현연구원
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQDZWuH2ADg


How the mysterious dark net is going mainstream | Jamie Bartlett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzN4WGPC4kc